the original Star Trek
characters are such iconic
figures in our culture that I
can't have start talk series
unless there's a star trek
person in there somewhere and
the opportunity to interview
George Takei was special for me
because I i saw Star Trek in his
first run way back in the 1960s
and to see the Starship
Enterprise the how integrated it
was for its day
oh my gosh and there's George
Takei I was jealous of his
martial arts abilities and his
fencing abilities but to realize
that there's a whole life that
he has led since he's been on
Star Trek that makes them in an
important American citizen and
important observer American
culture a person whose life has
been touched by the dreams and
visions of a space enthusiasts
Gene Roddenberry and who has
touch other people in the spirit
of the way he was touched by
Gene Roddenberry back in the
1960s so to get him on on
Startalk I I delighted
that opportunity